README.md, before:

# Transformer Plot Clip

Clip GeoTIFF or LAS files according to plots without merging.

## Authors

* Christophe Schnaufer, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ
* Max Burnette, National Supercomputing Applications, Urbana, Il

## Sample Docker Command Line
Below is a sample command line that shows how the plot clip image could be run.
An explanation of the command line options used follows.
Be sure to read up on the [docker run](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/) command line for more information.

The files that are used in this example are available through Google Drive: [ua_gantry_plot_clip_test_data.tar.gz](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17b7328H6B3olwesqKyjxYjfEDJiQz6N_/view?usp=sharing)

```docker run --rm --mount "src=/home/test,target=/mnt,type=bind" -e "BETYDB_URL=<BETYdb URL>" -e "BETYDB_KEY=<BETYdb Key>" agpipeline/plotclip:3.0 --working_space /mnt --metadata /mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678_metadata_cleaned.json --epsg 32612 scanner3DTop /mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678__Top-heading-east_0.las```

This example command line assumes the source files are located in the `/home/test` folder of the local machine.
The name of the Docker image to run is `agpipeline/plotclip:3.0`.

We are using the same folder for the source files and the output files.
By using multiple `--mount` options, the source and output files can be separated.

**Docker commands** \
Everything between 'docker' and the name of the image are docker commands.

- `run` indicates we want to run an image
- `--rm` automatically delete the image instance after it's run
- `--mount "src=/home/test,target=/mnt,type=bind"` mounts the `/home/test` folder to the `/mnt` folder of the running image
- `-e "BETYDB_URL=<BETYdb URL>"` specifies the URL of the BETYdb instance to fetch plot geometries from
- `-e "BETYDB_KEY=<BETYdb Key>"` specifies the permission key used to access the BETYdb instance

We mount the `/home/test` folder to the running image to make files available to the software in the image.

**Image's commands** \
The command line parameters after the image name are passed to the software inside the image.
Note that the paths provided are relative to the running image (see the --mount option specified above).

- `--working_space "/mnt"` specifies the folder to use as a workspace
- `--metadata "/mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678_metadata_cleaned.json"` is the name of the source metadata
- `--epsg 32612` the default EPSG identifier to use if a file doesn't contain a coordinate system (in this case 32612)
- `scanner3DTop` the name of the sensor associated with the source files
- `/mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678__Top-heading-east_0.las` the GeoTIFF or LAS file to split by plot (in this example an LAS file is specified) 

## Previous Version's Discontinued Features

- version 2.0 merged clipped LAS files into a single file

Commit message:

Merging RGB partial plot clip to master (#6)
* Fixed indexing typo

* Moved LAS merge code to it's own repo (#3)

* Some cleanup

* python -> python3 and new debug message

* Added link to testing files

* Removing incorrect text

* Added a clarifying word

* Added, made default, clip at image/plot intersection (#5)

* Added comment about default RGB clip functionality

README.md, after:

# Transformer Plot Clip

Clip GeoTIFF or LAS files according to plots without merging.

## Authors

* Christophe Schnaufer, University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ
* Max Burnette, National Supercomputing Applications, Urbana, Il

## Sample Docker Command Line
Below is a sample command line that shows how the plot clip image could be run.
An explanation of the command line options used follows.
Be sure to read up on the [docker run](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/run/) command line for more information.

The files that are used in this example are available through Google Drive: [ua_gantry_plot_clip_test_data.tar.gz](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17b7328H6B3olwesqKyjxYjfEDJiQz6N_/view?usp=sharing)

```docker run --rm --mount "src=/home/test,target=/mnt,type=bind" -e "BETYDB_URL=<BETYdb URL>" -e "BETYDB_KEY=<BETYdb Key>" agpipeline/plotclip:3.0 --working_space /mnt --metadata /mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678_metadata_cleaned.json --epsg 32612 scanner3DTop /mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678__Top-heading-east_0.las```

This example command line assumes the source files are located in the `/home/test` folder of the local machine.
The name of the Docker image to run is `agpipeline/plotclip:3.0`.

We are using the same folder for the source files and the output files.
By using multiple `--mount` options, the source and output files can be separated.

**Docker commands** \
Everything between 'docker' and the name of the image are docker commands.

- `run` indicates we want to run an image
- `--rm` automatically delete the image instance after it's run
- `--mount "src=/home/test,target=/mnt,type=bind"` mounts the `/home/test` folder to the `/mnt` folder of the running image
- `-e "BETYDB_URL=<BETYdb URL>"` specifies the URL of the BETYdb instance to fetch plot geometries from
- `-e "BETYDB_KEY=<BETYdb Key>"` specifies the permission key used to access the BETYdb instance

We mount the `/home/test` folder to the running image to make files available to the software in the image.

**Image's commands** \
The command line parameters after the image name are passed to the software inside the image.
Note that the paths provided are relative to the running image (see the --mount option specified above).

- `--working_space "/mnt"` specifies the folder to use as a workspace
- `--metadata "/mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678_metadata_cleaned.json"` is the name of the source metadata
- `--epsg 32612` the default EPSG identifier to use if a file doesn't contain a coordinate system (in this case 32612)
- `scanner3DTop` the name of the sensor associated with the source files
- `/mnt/3c807fe1-a5ba-4b4b-b618-1d2c9c981678__Top-heading-east_0.las` the GeoTIFF or LAS file to split by plot (in this example an LAS file is specified) 

## Previous Version's Discontinued Features

- 4/1/2020: defaults to clipping RGB to the only the plot-image intersection by default; the `--full_plot_fill` command line flag restores previous default behavior
- version 2.0 merged clipped LAS files into a single file
